[Expandable flyout] Task 1: Alert details flyout rewrite and doc new advanced setting (#3816)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/advanced-setting.asciidoc

* `securitySolution:newsFeedUrl`: The URL from which the security news feed content is
retrieved.

[discrete]
[[enable-expandable-flyout]]
== Display the expandable flyout

> The `securitySolution:enableExpandableFlyout` setting enables the expandable flyout on the Alerts page. This setting is turned on by default. Turn it off to use the alert details flyout, which is available in {elastic-sec} 8.9 and earlier. 

Author: @paulewing is this the messaging we want to include in the docs?

```suggestion
The `securitySolution:enableExpandableFlyout` setting enables the expandable aleret details flyout on the Alerts page. This setting is turned on by default. Turn it off to use the alert details flyout design that was available in {elastic-sec} 8.9 and earlier. 
```

> The `securitySolution:enableExpandableFlyout` setting enables the expandable alert details flyout on the Alerts page. This setting is turned on by default. Turn it off to use the previous alert details flyout design that was available in {elastic-sec} 8.9 and earlier. 

Author: Just adding one more edit here:

```suggestion
The `securitySolution:enableExpandableFlyout` setting enables the expandable alert details flyout on the Alerts page. This setting is turned on by default. Turn it off to apply the simplified alert details flyout design that was used in {elastic-sec} 8.9 and earlier. 
```
